ODC new features and known issues (#26488)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-6-release-notes.adoc

*Save* will save the changes that you make. Clicking *Restore Default Columns*
will restore the default settings of the columns.

[id="ocp-4-6-web-console-administrator-perspective"]
==== Administrator Perspective

> * The *Pipelines* view was updated to provide details on triggers, event listeners, trigger templates, trigger bindings, and cluster trigger bindings.

Reviewer: The *Pipelines* navigation item was updated to provide tab views for Pipelines, Tasks and Triggers. Triggers will include tabs for Event Listeners, Trigger Templates, Trigger Bindings, and Cluster Trigger Bindings.

[id="ocp-4-6-web-console-developer-perspective"]
==== Developer Perspective

> * Based on user credentials the user is now directed to either the *Administrator* or *Developer*  perspective and an interactive tour of the functionalities for the perspective  is provided.

Reviewer 2: should this be 
```suggestion
* Based on user access roles/privileges the user is now directed to either the *Administrator* or *Developer*  perspective and an interactive tour of the functionalities for the perspective  is provided on Developer Perspective.
```

* The *List* view and *Topology* view now provide the same information so that the user can choose the best view based on the application size and number of components.
* Support for all workload types is now provided in the *Topology* and the *List* view to get a better idea of the compute resources being used.
* You can now select the Helm chart version and the application version while installing the chart from the *Developer catalog*. You can also switch between the form and YAML editor while preserving the values that have been entered .

> * The *Developer Catalog* now displays only those Helm charts that are compatible with the OpenShift version and filters out charts that are not compatible with the user's cluster.

Author: Cool, will remove this point then. Thank you.

* The Knative eventing workflow was enhanced:
** Support for Knative Eventing Channels to build a reliable event delivery mechanism has been added.

> ** You can now create connectors and also specify the sink as a Knative Service or a URI when creating Event Sources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** You can now create Subscription for channels and Triggers with associated filters for Brokers and Select knative service as subscriber
** You can now specify the sink as any Knative resources i.e knative service, chanel or broker from that namespace or a URI when creating Event Sources.
** You can now visualise the relationship for eventSource subscribed by knative service through channel/subscription or broker/trigger, details as well can be seen in sidepanel 
```

*Save* will save the changes that you make. Clicking *Restore Default Columns*
will restore the default settings of the columns.

//[id="ocp-4-6-web-console-administrator-perspective"]
//==== Administrator Perspective

//* The *Pipelines* section in the navigation bar was updated to provide subsections for Pipelines, Tasks, and Triggers. The Triggers subsection now provides tabs for event listeners, trigger templates, trigger bindings, and cluster trigger bindings.

[id="ocp-4-6-web-console-developer-perspective"]
==== Developer Perspective

* Based on user access roles or privileges, the user is now directed to either the *Administrator* or *Developer*  perspective.
* An interactive getting started tour of the functionalities in the *Developer* perspective is now provided when a user logs in.
* The *List* view and *Topology* view now provide the same information so that the user can choose the best view based on the application size and number of components.
* Support for all workload types is now provided in the *Topology* and the *List* view to get a better idea of the compute resources being used.

> * The *Developer Catalog* now displays only those Helm charts that are compatible with the OpenShift version and filters out charts that are not compatible with the user's cluster.

Author: I thought I had removed this point. Removing it as per SME input: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/26488#discussion_r505337520

* When you select a deployment in the *Topology* view, click *Actions* -> *Edit <deployment_name>*, and then modify it; the modified `Deployment` YAML file overwrites or removes the volume mounts in the `Pod Template spec`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1867965[BZ#1867965])

* No template instantiation success or failure message is displayed in the *Developer* perspective when you use the *Add* -> *From Catalog* option, filter by *Template*, select a template, and then instantiate it. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1876535[1876535])

* Pipeline runs with skipped tasks incorrectly show the tasks as *Failed*. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1880389[1880389])

// confirmation on this one needed* The Kiali link can return false positive responses as the Service Mesh operator <replace with Elastic Search operator?> is unavailable in the new bundle format yet. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1866035[1866035])

> 

Reviewer 2: this would be closed IMO cc @gajanan-more

Author: Ack, removing this.
